[Music]
that's right
PewDiePie here full of surprises every
single day what is he gonna upload next
under why
what are you laugh you lose what a me
review what this man just keeps
delivering surprises that's right
no why last week I asked you leave your
entry in us really close when PewDiePie
is becoming Gloria Borger and Gloria
Borger is becoming pretty play yeah
wait who's that that's not Gloria Borger
I would know Gloria Borger if I saw
Gloria Borg and Gloria Borger does not
look like Gloria Borger don't make me
laugh is this a pigeon it's this a
retard
well this meme is still kicking it
apparently you know what this place
needs some more effing glowing triangles
that's what you think you're clever yes
it is Africa food wouldn't yeah this
meme is definitely gonna keep coming
forever when you are fresh ripe meme and
you hear clapping in the distance I'm in
danger
well I'm coming for this this me I
already had some same stop good gunt
oh no we can't show that Pepsi tastes
like soap what kind of effing soap do
you use Pepsi hmm I never tried Pepsi
soap that sounds good your hands will
smell like Pepsi instead of my anus no
nope yes it sharpened F yes raced 2-1 is
that inverted I don't remember man
jacksepticeye shows PewDiePie how it's
done excuse me this is how you handshake
everyone knows that okay this is wrong
this is right get it right please
I'm not doing it wrong everyone else's
thank you suspect is playing on foot hey
look it's Grande reposted by someone
else I should have seen that coming
the tides have changed oh my god that is
so creative you never know what means
are gonna go next
who exactly is booty pie and why is he
copying me what I'm calling you out
Gloria fake Borg that's right that's
what you are a faker faker de coeur
ah don't make me angry I will distract
you I will fight you in the arena woman
to woman let's battle when somebody says
old PewDiePie videos are the same Gloria
Borger
she works extremely hard guys I can't
believe the discrimination just because
she's a woman sorry I'm very invested in
the social politic issue of sexism can
we copy strike PewDiePie for our what no
no you can this is my original content
please
[Music]
this image gets two legs I would
literally drink water absolute mass in
kg water abut running off goddamn it a
bot running around aimlessly in pub G
mobile it's this a real player
excuse me this is because I upload the
pub G mobile video game and I was
killing it everyone was super impressed
no they're not they're legitimate
players I am just so good a man in
Florida woke with a headache only to
discover his wife had shot him while he
slept he survived restoration hundred
Wow your move YouTube YouTube
demonetized Puetz this is sponsored and
it's come to this I just have to play
online sex games for revenue these days
you know it could be worse actually
I'm living the dream I just wanted to
make chicken man why is Gloria Borger
acting like she's the one who got up his
strike that's weird that's really
strange you must be thinking about other
women
will Peter pie ever extreme pub G again
well finally I have decent internet now
look I can actually stream now so maybe
I will I posted my internet speed on
Twitter there everyone is like
that's what you sound like that's what I
hear that's so like Gloria bogus
Wikipedia page she also appears on Pew
News Network okay diversifying your
content Gloria Borger did it right what
the squad fam loves
that's right I don't understand how
anyone could possibly think to call
illinit e at which thought it really
makes me angry I'm glad you guys are so
respectful in the comments as well
really nice to see a wonderful wonderful
community that treats wham and with
respect let's copy strike all of the
wife for our submissions if pewdiepie
doesn't give us bonus no you can't do
that i will copy strike you back
seriously don't I'm serious I'm
currently in Uganda and just found this
painted on the wall of a school he
finally found a way wonderful
congratulations knuckles this is so
happy can we copies right yeah yeah it's
not like I haven't seen this meme a
million times hard to swallow
boners meme is dead because we turned
bonus me well well well well you finally
figured it out mmm but food if I didn't
review it hmm maybe I will
don't test me so Brad won you said if we
hit six hundred thousand likes bonus
meme would be back yes this is true but
the video got copy striked
so it got completely nullified I am so
sorry we are now entering the last page
of the memes where the goodest of the
goods are hiding peer news introduces
the mean that will become than victim
your life you lose going to have fun
with a meme until satisfied you love why
fans will use the mean for in slavery
meme review me exit
Wow Wow you think you're so woke huh you
finally figured it out huh it doesn't
change anything I'm gonna keep making
this forever I finally figured out the
YouTube formula with no effort foods got
clients what can I say I'm a man of
culture I didn't even know there was a
real Gloria Borger
there is one real Gloria Borger and no
one else
stop getting two views it's not that
hard the bridge where bad things happen
well now I can take a niggly stream Pub
G again everyone just thought I got
banned I just couldn't be bothered so
who knows the return of solid ass make a
meme so people can see it make a meme so
PewDiePie can see it make a meme to get
into the way make a meme to get into the
wife so later you can copy strike the
video for all their revenue I mean it's
not a terrible business plan it's
basically what collab is doing anyway
collab DRM are just sitting there like -
we need a good me how can we infiltrate
the system I'll vote if you want pewds
to tell us why he's in another room guys
sometimes I like to record in the closet
there's nothing wrong with that stop
discriminate being Swedish bring Swedish
speaking English everybody Lincoln we
don't sell them anymore I got new ones
coming though and they look guys my
daughter loves to sleep with her butt in
the air and it's the cutest thing I
thought she was in a microwave I've seen
this pathetic when Pierce is playing pub
G and he heads towards the bridge bad
things happen around bridges
oh is this a meme I love this fine art
really cool scold I know I don't know if
he's the one that posted it got
investigate oh it is super dope thank
you very much and the last one is an
animation all right that's cool is that
my closet
[Applause]
means with you
why you can adjust sample me saying it
[Applause]
we need to fight back right now what do
you guys know damn it my only weakness
this meme is a zoo I feel like any time
I read a meme zero it gets popular
anyway
amazing
to be continued Wow where is this story
gonna go next who knows mmm
an amazing episode of live I thank you
guys for I mean you're welcome for being
able to support yourself by submitting
memes you are welcome that's right leave
a like if you have a pulse
thank you guys for watching as always
bye